Dad, what's the matter with you?
Ah, nothing.
I accidentally didn't hold my hand firmly
Jiang Xiaobin
Long time no see
you
You've killed so many people
You want me to take the blame for you?
That's not possible.
Humjiang Shaobie
The Jiang family can have today's achievements
All with my help
If you don't want to
I don't mind.
Find your daughter and two of you.
Ok me
I promise you.
Dad, this is Su Guoqing
Is my teacher
If I hadn't started my business with his help
I wouldn't be where I am today
I see.
I can't tell what you want to do
I heard you came out
Just to see you
That year
I'm already rotten to the stomach
You stay away from my daughter
Rotten into the stomach
But I heard that your daughter
I have long been looking for the murderer who framed the Jiang family back then
What do you think?
What should I do?
Only the dead
To keep a secret